at one reason to appreciate a little
extra fat on your body North Texans are
having it transferred to their face it's
a revolutionary alternative to the
facelift that may have you rethinking
your next cosmetic move channel eights
Basie Jefferson shows us the science
behind fat grafting look look at
yourself you're incredible you're my
masterpiece America's fascination with
aging gives us plenty to talk about
you're 45 you know if I give you one
more facelift you're gonna be able to
blink your lips did she have work sure
what was it what was she thinking
I want Tina Turner I want Jagger fill
him up well what charleon mid we're
thinking is they wanted to regain their
youthful looks without looking like
they'd had work
Mitch Trammell turned 40 this week not a
line or a sag on her face but compared
her complexion six months ago to what it
looks like now my skin looks smoother
it's filled out more eye plumped cheeks
like I used to when I was 28 but Charlie
won't tell us her age I won't a more
youthful look we'll just say she's seen
at least six more presidents in her
lifetime than the 30 something's she
dates I just wanted to make me look
natural I don't care if I look 30 just
so unnatural that's gonna be our
principal focus of this mission is to go
ahead and create a very nice soft
anterior cheek the natural fat grafting
an alternative to implants and facelifts
that's increasingly popular as we get
older we lose bone and soft tissue
around the teeth and this is going to
bring back that luster that's right here
dr. Samuel Lam specializes in facial
rejuvenation and says fat grafting is
very different he uses fat cells from
his patients bodies and unlike other
fillers it's malleable so it can be
shaped to form contours giving a natural
look people walk around town not looking
like themselves way over sculpt that way
over pulled that's not what this is
about dr. Lam uses his patients
highschool pictures to plan a course of
action in surgery he uses fat cells from
Charlie's abdomen to fill in where time
has stripped her of collagen and
elasticity so
the upper face really is all about
filling hollows and Rhys Culp ting and
balancing it's an artistic work he then
reverses a drawn saggy look by building
up the cheeks and chin
this procedure is entirely incisionless
there is there are no knives no sutures
no bandages and two months later voila
and Midge likes her new look my skin
looks smoother and she's not the only
ones and there was a couple of men that
were sitting there and they make it a
took a bet on how old I was and it was
all under 20 and Charlie so how old is
she anyway yeah you know a southern lady
doesn't tell her age you know that
Maisie Jepsen Channel 8